fix(backups): mirror must not replicate themselves (#7043)
vatesfr/xen-orchestra: CHANGELOG.unreleased.md

- [Backup/Restore] Fix `Cannot read properties of undefined (reading 'id')` error when restoring via an XO Proxy (PR [#7026](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/7026))
- [Google/GitHub Auth] Fix `Internal Server Error` (xo-server: `Cannot read properties of undefined (reading 'id')`) when logging in with Google or GitHub [Forum#7729](https://xcp-ng.org/forum/topic/7729) (PRs [#7031](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/7031) [#7032](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/7032))
- [Jobs] Fix schedules not being displayed on first load [#6968](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/issues/6968) (PR [#7034](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/7034))

> - [Backups/Mirror] Fix `xo:fs:local WARN lock compromised` when mirroring a Backup Repository to a local/NFS/samba repository ([#7043](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/7043))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Backup/Mirror] Fix `xo:fs:local WARN lock compromised` when mirroring a Backup Repository to a local/NFS/SMB repository ([#7043](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/7043))
```
